Do you have a moment to talk about Our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ?
Allahu Ackbar!
In the name of Allah, the most merciful.
"All aboard the HELL TRAIN!"
/me says a prayer for %s
/me gives blessings to %s
/me prays
/me worships the Lord Almighty
<%s> I love the Lord, Jesus Christ!
Did you know you will go to hell for working on a sunday?
These are tough times, we should put on The Full Armour of God to endure them
God, our lord, king of ages, all-powerful and almighty, you who made everything and who transforms everything. You who in the Babylon changed into dew the flames of the "seven-times hotter" furnace and protected and saved the three holy children. We beeseech you to make powerless the unholy spirits that lurk within %s!
Wherefore  take unto you the whole armour of God, that ye may be able to withstand  in the evil day, and having done all, to stand. 
Stand therefore, having your loins agirt about with btruth, and having on the breastplate of righteousness;
And your feet shod with the preparation of the gospel of peace; Above all, taking the shield of afaith, wherewith ye shall be able to quench all the fiery darts of the wicked.
And take the helmet of asalvation, and the sword of the Spirit, which is the word of God:
In the name of the holy father I hereby baptize %s!
Abortion is murder!
The time you spend alone with God will transform your character and  increase your devotion. Then your integrity and godly behavior in an  unbelieving world will make others long to know the Lord.
In our friendships we have to be wise that we choose godly people to be our friends. Somebody might say, well does that mean that you should never have a lost person as your friend? No, I wouldn't say that. But you can't have the same intimacy with a lost person that you can with a godly person in whom the Holy Spirit is living.
When the solution is simple, God is answering.
Thank the Lord Almighty for all of thine blessings. 
/me tips menorah.
<%s> Hey Ma! I'm a hateful racist heretic bigot just like my father the devil!
Hail to the King, %s!
May the Lord grant wisdom, %s!
There better not be any filthy Rapists in here.
Praise His holy name!
Let my people go!
The power of Christ compels you, %s!
May they be free with the LORD
The lord saith unto him, %s, thou hast engaged in a great deal of faggotry: thou shall burn like the flames of thou desire.
"That booty make it pop." - Jesus
for more information about the word of the holy lord, visit. www.landoverbaptist.org
"The Chrizzle is rizzle in this nizzle." - Snoop Jesus
Ayy yo nigga, this be the one and only G SUS. U heathen ass niggas needa lay off da drugs or y'all motherfuckas will BURN like the crack rox yous be smokin'
Don't accept any thing that the Devil trys to ram down your throat. Jesus comes first!
Earthly wisdom is doing what comes naturally. Godly wisdom is doing what the Holy Spirit compels us to do.
So that godly sorrow may be discerned by this train of graces wherewith it is accompanied, that worldly sorrow wants, at least in the truth of them, though it may have some shadows of them.
Happy shall they be who take your little ones and DASH THEM AGAINST THE ROCK! (PSALM 137:9)
[God ROCKS... get it...?]
I permit no woman to teach or have authority over any man. She is to be kept silent (1 Timothy 2:12)
Coincidence is God's way of remaining anonymous.
I know God won't give me anything I cn't handle. I just wish he didn’t trust me so much.
You hear that little voice talking inside your head? The one that tells you right from wrong? Guess what? THAT'S GOD!
You shall not lie with a man as with a woman; it is an abomination (Leviticus 18:22)
So the man took his concubine and sent her outside to them, and they raped her and abused her throughout the night, and at dawn they let her go. At daybreak the woman went back to the house where her master was staying, fell down at the door and lay there until daylight. When her master got up in the morning and opened the door of the house and stepped out to continue on his way, there lay his concubine, fallen in the doorway of the house, with her hands on the threshold. He said to her, Get up; les , But there was no answer. Then the man put her on his donkey and set out for home
Praise the one and only, God, Lord, savior, and holy ghost; Jesus!
Slaves, submit yourselves to your masters with all respect, not only to the good and gentle but also to the cruel.
Slaves made the world's most fearful virus to date. Are you happy about that?" - God
Ebola is merely God's punishment for sodomy, which is why HIV is rife in Africa.
"Let your women keep silence in the churches: for it is not permitted unto them to speak; but they are commanded to be under obedience as also saith the law. And if they will learn any thing, let them ask their husbands at home: for it is a shame for women to speak in the church." 1 Corinthians 14:34-35
/me prays for %s
/me talks about the Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ, with %s
/me rebukes %s for their actions
/me shakes his head at the sinners
/me loves the Lord
Drugs are bad, %s!
Blessing rain down upon, %s!
Then God said, "Let there be autism", and TempleOS was born.